Framing: 
you are telling your grandchildren about this day, these days
you are writing an eipc novel about an interesting as fuck person

biography q to jog memory: where did you first hear that song? first learn that word?


== INCOMING: ==
Zeitung austragen (mit Hörbüchern, hitchhiker galaxy, almost collapsing in summer, lowkey jealous of others coasting by iwthout job, …)
meeting Aron
—-- the most fun I ever had in my life —-
laughing my ass of w my brother because we went down some bs conversation channel
laughing my ass of w Torsten because we talked ourselves into some fun bullshit upwards spiral
goofing around w Strambusti
sarging w Aron, pickup in Barcelona daytime
morning energy n Zelda
playing Lamy w Chris n Oli
playing strike gunner w Torsten
playing GTA2 w Oli
irish pub tour w Darby
pub crawl Budapest
Fuzion Frenzy w Nat
probably LSD n shrooms at home count here as well
driving me new used bike from Torsten to school and it being so smooth
the first years of having sex and always the first times w someone new
watching Vine compilations w Nat
watching meme compilations w Kev
generally any time I was laughing my ass off
w the boys in Konstanz(?) late night w Mario at Mcdonalds(?) and him just making everyone rofl
—- examples of sustainable fun in the past —--
playing Activity with any group
watching “Friendship” w Kev
Schuh des Manitu mit fam
Schülerzeitung dungeon
robotics dungeon
McDonalds time w Diemer, Torsten and Sebastian(?)



========== 2026 ============

March ‘26 ======
042120: feeling alive: hardly sleeping and just being inspired for every aspect of every work
021321: feeling alive in the morning routine with playing, caffeine and the occasional appaday going really well like x-wing and the other game. journal: went to go out with Siham on Saturday night spontaneously. She do be having a cute face. We met at Oscho Stuttgart, then went to my car to drink fireball from the trunk, …

Februrary ‘26 ========
261125: feel alive just closing the laptop right after daily and playing Polytopia with my coffee in my comfy bed not giving a fuck
251740: when I felt alive today: just playing Polytopia right after first meeting. new vape. sun shining and bitching about FIS to Sylvia because it’s true
250123: feeling despair, like I need to move on SO urgently. Like the TIME IS NOW. FUCK 
240127: feeling kind of stuck. not making much progress in either job OR side projects OR relationships… just same old. Although I AM making progress spiritually, being more calm, happy. so that’s good. And they do say don’t put your riches where moth and rust doth corrupt
230032: take that juicy 23yo, fuck her from behind make her shocked about what was allowed and lose her mind. I want to see her almost cry from being so overwhelmed
222132: sex fantasy: just having one of those pinterest babes walk across my way, her biting her lip, we immediately make out and go to my place / a hotel. we bang and take photos and bang and record it. a beautiful honeymoon weekend with a complete stranger.
211548: libido is through the roof. I think it is the interior design. I remember from an early age that certain spaces would  make me feel aroused, e.g. privacy of Zivildienst Keller, etc...
202353: several visitors from LA and NYC now… playing in the big leagues :))
200120: erotic fantasies: choke her slap her, take control of her, override her will, break her brain into desire. Use her. display her as my sex property in public
190239: I feel desperate, at the end of a road. I am going towards the promised land. I will be happy and finally break out of unaliveness. sounds good
171641: I do feel like I tapped into a natural oil reserve of power recently. It must be the “habit forming only for forming habits”. Today I’ve done it less and I feel it flaching ab already
110153: journal: today I’m still lowkey mad at Alexandra for being such a biatch. I mean why do that? Why not just tell me like last year. annoying. the YC application is both giving me hope and making me anxious, pressured to improve the product quickly.
101751: at this point it feels like shrooms just make me horny and have nice dreams. Yet my eyes are so clear today (the day after), like Christ Martin or someone equally charismatic and present. or IS it from the more recent weed microdose? well now I can’t tell
061528: so fucking annoying to deal w Alexandra’s newfound attitude. so why am I dealing with it?
041446: today’s change: word harder, smarter and always up, never Zweitjob
031426: today’s area of change is doing what I ought to do. my dream is still LA but the miracle of getting my apartment look professionally fancy

January ‘26 ===========
292329: the last time I was this scared was I think during math studies? And what’s my advice to younger me? find a better university. this one is too dumb and insensitive for you. in the meantime… Have fun. Ask your parents for support. Find people who are in your league and don’t settle for less. Don’t panic, it’s all good. They’re the ones who are beneath you, not the other way around. You got this. Look at how others are studying, using youtube, using the web, finding resources that are better than the books. You are smarter than most, trust me. It’s just nerves. don’t fight or flight, HAVE FUN. Find the hidden dimension. It’s literally all good. You do understand those things, trust me. Focus on what you’re good at and ask others how they study in what you’re bad at. you are wasting your time being stressed. Just act like you’re too dumb to get what’s there to worry about. Avoid people that trigger you. Seek out people and experiences of comfort.

I just remembered that we had some really ill tempered tutors in analysis and I am almost 100% certain that’s why I was so fucked up and blocked in that topic.
292040: love working in Wintergarten all the way up close to the window and having no distractions but my own thoughts and what’s on the desk and mybe internet
291601: could very well be that this more persistent fear has been re-awakened by my brother hitting me, somehow awakening a deep trauma response, perhaps even genetic. Because I did have that nicotine withdrawal fear before but it easily faded throughout the day or when reducing intake.
281600 ish: vision and dreams: LA, Cali, hot and soft wife and our own family. Plan A: get something off the ground so I don’t need a job anymore. money fantasy: just quit quit quit. travel. enjoy life. passion.
280411: today was so great, playing my tron multiplayer w cousins and just having a blast doing it :) other than that hard to get up and work dread but I do want to make life about passionate work, so…
270059: wondering what’s up w Alexandra. If she wants to be serious or not. Did a shit ton of VR again today, tron with multiplayer.
212324: Got my first sale on style-my-space so that’s cool.  Really stoked to see Alexandra on the weekend. Honestly a little trip to look forward to quite a bit
212103: honestly I can’t believe I’m telling a computer in natural language what I want and am actually getting pretty much exactly that. This is a beautiful feature I wouldn’t have dared come true. And how quickly I and others have gotten used to it
170915: looking for nooooothin, but a good time. Yeah, last night exit game n watched the art of self defense. Life is good. A juicy 28 yo Alexandra with me at all times haha
150000: Yoake dinner w Alexandra, both of us still kinda sick, then her in lingerie on the couch looking so hot, playing the exit game
112251: had a dream last night where I “accidentally” put in a much higher trade in trade republic than I intended to and ended up accidentally making 100k
092312: the red wine tastes so fucking good right now. idk if it’s the workout or the non smoke or whatever but it’s hittin the spot
092251: a lot of my work makes me realize again how useless and dumb the internet is most of the time outside of wikipedia, wayback machine and other great systematic projects like that, maybe also really good commercial ones like google, etc..
091516: feeling slow and foggy and unmotivated. Like my mind is stuck inside jelly. which sounds like Alzheimer’s… which might be a consequence of inflammation and Gluten? But I rather think it’s from the adjustment of quitting smoking and compensating it with a ton of caffeine
071813: my skin looking radiant as ever. Must be the smoke stop or whatnot or maybe the leftover shrooms… but I also took a bath yesterday. Either way, looking foine.



========== 2025 ==================

November ‘25 ======
131951: feeling soo good today but also last night already. That serotonin type high in the evening like shrooms but without. … thinking why… lot of green tea, took first gingko in a while but also Vit D daily since 3 days and L-Tryptophan this morning… what else… worked out a few days? Almost no cigarettes anymore? 

Oktober =====
152302: working on lamy w AI… this IS my inspirator. auto created maps that don’t work but give me something to interpret and build upon. Also, earlier, came up with the dream machine
140958: I love this life. Dancing and cartoons with eggs n caffeine in the morning. like a voluntary childhood to step into
132222: it is such a pleasure to work with the tower PC. Although only 16GB memory, it works so smoothly and snap snap snap…. amazing… maybe I should invest in an even beefier workstation
121000: had one of them weird dreams again. Was happily having sex and being with someone and then later on realized it was my mom. then I was like wtf, what am I gonna date my mom now?! that’s messed up. then I thought that probably my adulthood dreams were real too. Then I woke up next to Alexandra. what a weird and messed up dream. But it was a happy dream until I realized it was my mom. So the question is: was it not her before and then one day in the dream it was her? like a surprise transformation? because I don’t remember it not being like that
091042: today is the perfect day for wintergarten office. 12 dec Celsius outside but dark and gloomy, so it’s not cold and I get a bunch of daylight
081125: I think the tryptophan and clear road for it at truly important. I was so anxious and triggered sad feeling and craving rice, then milk… now that I make some milk w honey it’s all better
010944: another week of my rare 4000 falling victim to…what? Being sick? Being slow because I overdid it with the caffeine? I mean what the fuck am I doing? Where’s my builder momentum? Counterthoughts: that’s not super constructive, plus you need the time that you need and you shouldn’t put your riches where moth and rust doth corrupt anyway. 
Yeah but I’m so mad at… myself, at everything for being so fucked. Am I sick or am I just stupid? counterthoughts: what’s the point in getting upset about that? It is the way it is. If you can learn from it, do so, otherwise shut up and move on.


September =====
300026: feeling tired and just a tiny bit lost because I got that afterglow. took 3 shrooms on Sunday and am very much feeling it still. Strange that I feel it more afterwards. watched “Friendship” (2025, Paul Rudd, Tim Robinson) w Kev yesterday and went to Sushi w Alexandra Saturday plus some “Wednesday” watching and fucking 3 times and it was good.
260109: the day started with a great sabrina carpenter dream. got up late, so morning was interrupted by job. then, purged the hell out of macbook. Notes, files, everything… super long chest triceps workout. Feeling good and cleaned up somehow. I guess the micro dose does do something.
240116: addicted to building prototypes. Can’t talk anymore. Must sleep now. But that’s a good thing. You’re living your passion!
230015: it was a good day. My inventorness is making me feel very happy and fulfilled, especially when I do give out signal every now and then, it just makes it real. The pilates course was also great, I felt really welcome. Alexandra seems to have really taken a liking to me and I have always felt like it was easy talking to and being around her. I think of Vanessa more rarely and not as attached anymore but I am sad that she’s just out of my life as of now. I feel guilty about my lack of job enthusiasm but as chatGPT said, there is a reason I am prioritizing my more meaningful work.
220849: feeling anxious in the morning but so fulfilled from all this building. I do need to ship or signal a little though, it’s an important “nutrient”
190019: what a day. I’ve been getting up very early which is great, I love having all this time to myself and that might actually be better than getting sleep. created so many small apps. Feeling a bit anxious but overwhelmingly positive about the future since I started an app a day. It has given me so much confidence
070526: watched terrified and heretic with Kevin. Woke up pretty late. His girlfriend was mean to him and then broke up via text. So we smoked watched vanderpump and movies and wrote down ideas for a horror movie
051709: Yesterday, I took quite a big single mushroom… did notice it a bit. I went to the gym and before to the gas station to get monster as usual. The clerk (Christine) told me she got kicked out from home bc her dad was an alcoholic and her mom blamed the kids. crazy story. Then I danced to loud music at home which I hadn’t done in a while and was huge fun. Then some development on thinks mobile app and then some metal gear solid sons of liberty.
040321: Tuesday, Chiara came by to bring back Activity and pick up some of her stuff. today.. I got up, wrote down my dream. then meditate, yoga. then gym. then wanted to start a build but played unrailed 2 w Torsten. then wanted to start a build but had my call with Sophia Rubino. Then felt like starting my evening routine, cleaning up n stuff. took some time, started watching undeclared on the side. now doing the education part of my evening routine yet still no build :(
020207: what felt meaningful today? starting with the thinks react native app and seeking help from chatGPT instead of disappearing.
Guilt log twist: I feel guilty about still the job. How come I can’t do the bare minimum? Who gives a shit. what matters is you’re making progress where it matters not in some random job. You’re not hurting any real person
journal: I got up, which was hard. Again, the early alarm, again ignoring it, setting it to 1pm or so. Had a meeting with Soyle-Rahul. Went to get a PZR. It was nice but also weird. Like they were afraid of new patients or something. though about getting my polo ralph lauren sweater tailored because it is indeed really nice but saggy. And reading the mindy kaling book, it really does make sense to get everything tailored.
011921: I read somewhere that meditation opens the serotonin pathway and it really does feel like that.
Also, went to get a PZR today, was  fun, a beautiful dentist’s office. saw Vanessa’s story in greece with her dude’s knee in it… whatever. it does stress me though. Chiara wants to come over soon to “bring me my stuff and pick up hers”... whatever. It does stress me though


August =======
310322: what felt meaningful today? the morning build and playing Unrailed 2 w Torsten. guilt spin: I feel guilty about my lack of being able to show my best work at my job. spin: you’re really feeling guilty about not having put yourself out there with your real, deep, meaningful work.
journal: went to Stuttgart for office day and then partying w the Kevster. slept long, went to the gym and got groceries. texted with some folks. Watched “observe and report”, what a beautiful, uplifting movie! enjoyed it with a nice hot bath. I do feel kind of crushed by Vanessa’s bullshit “oooh I met someone” bla bla bla bullshit. She’s so fucking fake.
280118: what felt meaningful today? Getting love from reddit for thinks. guilt twist: I feel guilty about all my days that I just can’t seem to work on my job work. Twist: who gives a fuck? Would they care if they couldn’t give you something you need for weeks? 
journal: posted thinks this morning on InternetIsBeautiful, got some love and love it. Played Unrailed 2 with Torsten in the evening and loved it. Did some work at McDonald’s and loved it :)
271447: here I am sitting, after getting a call from talent manager about blabla not having any traces of having done something blabla… literally taking a shit sample of myself, thinking my shit stinks and being so interest what’s in my shit (Darmflora test everlab)... but it’s kind of poetic how I feel so guilty yet I might be the only one interested in both my literal and metaphoric shit
270145: dear diary… today was same as ever. But not at all. I used chatGPT 5 to be super critical and purge and reorganize all my ideas and beliefs and organizational systems. It was cool, I really got to the core of certain stuff like why I don’t use my free time, what’s the psychology behind it n stuff. I still didn’t talk to a lot of people but I posted some dailymoji prototype on reddit, that was nice.
What felt meaningful today? Uploading something on reddit again, being in that headspace of making
guilt with a twist log: I feel guilty having done so much stuff but what I was asked to do in my job. twist: fuck ‘em. If you did everything they asked of you, you would be even more invisible, overworked and under-appreciated. But do get something for yourself out of that job.
260140: today was the same as ever: morning stuff, evening stuff, some stuff in between. I was in the sun again, reading. But everything feels very repetitive, like I’m in some type of retirement home / solo startup accelerator. I can’t relate. I don’t know how others do it. How do they live a life? How to they build their relationships? Does it just look different from the outside and inside they are just as confused and bored?
241534: dailymoji: only teeeensy bit anxious not really, optimistic, relaxed, chill, calm, scared to have lost love forever bc of Vanessa’s stupid whoever she’s been seeing apparently 
221329: dailymoji: anxious, under pressure, happy with my morning routine, hopeful, breaking into a new chapter
221250: poem: it started out real nice and slow, we had so much time to grow. Now it feels way too hectic, they all of it is heretic. But I just want to lay next to you, forget the troubles and say “yoohoo”
191814: I’m starting to think that green tea is the solution to all of my problems
191458: the day after having finished it didn’t start with you, my light sensitivity seems gone and I am noting that I have an addiction with TV - caffeine - nicotine
182109: reading though it didn’t start with you… maybe that’s why Stockholm has such a lightening spiritual effect on me. Rewriting the Gulag archipelago but with my own memories
142330: walking to Irish Pub w Chiara to celebrate her birthday at midnight on a warm summer night, wearing a Stoffhose and striped bowling type shirt
140532: dailymoji: irritated, annoyed, focused, determined, hopeful, romantic
132010: seeing as how meditating makes me pretty much immediately not tired anymore but happy and content, I can’t help but think that my tiredness comes from my thoughts braking my happiness by trying to understand it. Like winnie Pooh said, love isn’t something you spell, you feel it
131925: exhibiting all the low orexin symptoms again: low muscle tone (very often dropping things), constantly sleepy tired… it was always like this but it’s definitely not “normal” healthy. Like my gut issues as a kid
131817: extremely tasty wellbeing response: Rollos runterlassen wenn es heiß und extrem hell ist draußen. Hab gerade nach dem Kochen den Rolladen wieder runtergelassen und die Abdunkelung war wie ein Orgasmus, wie Aspirin gemischt mit einer Umarmung
131758: thinking about it… I can’t say that I really feel like I have any pressing health concern anymore. It used to be my lack of focus but now that I read so much and do the brain games… it feels just fine. My lack of energy these last weeks I think is very solvable by going back to a more active anti inflammatory diet. The only issue bugging me now is the lack of entrepreneurial hacking
112126: I have been feeling so tired these past weeks and again today. Starting to think it’s very related to my gut health and seeing all that’s written there about the autism connection, I feel like I need to do something. Always tired even when getting enough sleep, feeling foggy and all that shit. It’s been long enough I’m tired of this bullshit.
111822: the difference between Vanessa and Chiara being Hustenstiller and real soup vs. Schleimlöser and Tütensuppe
101813: I want to run after her, fight for her, tell her I love her and we can work it out. But I’m holding me back, acting from experience. So now I have all this energy trapped in me.
101712: the most predominant base feeling I have these days is a heavy, unrelaxed belly area and a numb heart… and of course an aching, blocked throat as usual. I suppose I shouldn’t take these as normal, just as I shouldn’t have taken me feeling really bubbly and uncomfortable in the stomach during teen years.
Well, what DO I feel in my heart? Still hurt, still heartbroken (a bit) over Vanessa leaving. Very simple, really. Still a bit in love with her, like a Glut that hasn’t been put out. 
091555: my face has less tensiune… over the last days only consumed a minimum of stimulants but been sick longer than necessary due to smoking despite it. 
I feel… more dreadful towards the future than necessary. Positive, yet afraid. 
081656: been sleeping 7hrs on the no caffeine days. Yesterday I got an energy drink and I slept like… 12 hours. But it also felt good. So the question is did I get the same quality of sleep with both 7 and 12 hours?
Other than that… feeling lost in my own comfort. Feeling lost in my own ideas. caffeine definitely gives me more ideas, just yesterday I had 3 great ones again but if I can’t follow through then more ideas is actually worse. 
I feel ashamed that I’m not happy, that I don’t have a wife and kids. I feel like a loser in that respect. I do like myself and I do in a lot of ways feel like a winner and grateful.
But that love, that intimacy, that family is missing and it gnaws at me every day.
080955: Friday. Been sick since Monday. When I need to get serious about no stimulants (as in caffeine, nicotine), my mind immediately goes to videogames.
021626: low stimulants feels like teenage dirtbag, like american pie, like teenage optimism and excitement
020148: it was nice seeing Vanessa again today. We had a good time drinking guinness and espresso martini. It seems her grandma’s cancer has brought her back to reality or at least on a normal height horse. I like how friendly and funny she was being. It pains to me to think that it’s so easy for me to then not think about Chiara at all but I learned that the heart wants what the heart wants.
011832: comforted, calm, cozy, just met w Vanessa at Irish Pub, …	



July=====
311257: nervous, cornered, hungry, attentive, awake, smart
301420: charged as in caffeine in the morning, clear headed, little brain fog especially after playing lumosity and linkedin brain games, hopeful, the morning of my life
291633: motivated, rested, romantically fatigued, curious, interested to learn, new beginning, physically need a break
281516: anxious, anxiety, nervous… but it feels like I had been in that problematic state for a while but now I am facing it more head on than merely accepting it as status quo
232338: low stimulants is feeling fresh, like after working out or after taking a shower or brushing your teeth… but some days, you’ve worked out, you showered, you brushed your teeth but you still feel dirty somehow.
221636: low stimulants is the love for music and movies, the going on an adventure of dream soul and inner journey from simply hearing and seeing. it’s the adventure of a lifetime
220250: no stimulants after an intense period feels like being put in the softest blanket by your mom. Like going to a spa retreat for 7 days. like all your laundry being taken care of and smelling fresh in the most magical way. Like intense meditation. like the quiet after the storm. like waking up to a beautiful nature morning when camping. it’s a luxury. it’s raising the standard of living. it’s waking up to a real morning like Christmas or being in a new city in the greatest vacation like NYC or LA or like a summer childhood morning. it’s the ending of Logan. it’s a new dawn and a new chance. like the after glow of a massage.
182235: dream journal: had this beautiful non-nightmare last night. something something… then we’re going out drinking a ton with my friends (for whatever reason)... I don’t remember it but now I’m going to jail, it’s terrible, I work hard to get released early. Going back everyone is a bit standoffish which makes sense but little by little I start remembering details again until I see the surveillance video and remember: there was a guy who was being a complete asshole, like a real pain to everyone at the party… after a while finally I’ve had enough and I walk by him at the bar, where his motorcycle helmet is layint on the countertop, the purple and red lights reflecting beautifully off it. Without any prewarning I grab the helmet and beat the shit out of this guy, just a good beating, nothing permanent. As I am done and throw the helmet away, everyone starts clapping for me, the crowd loves it and so I realize I did something bad but good at the same time. Maybe cause I watched Dexter: Resurrection before but still such a great dream with the opposite motives of being powerless and guilty of my usual nightmares
161321: Had the best time in Berlin with love parade and so on… I am missing Vanessa deeper each time it overcomes me. been tired for days now, pretty badly, thinking maybe it’s a summer thing but more likely stimulant overload response. reading doom guy: life in first person by John Romero, it was so awesome to have the meet and greet with him
040002: dailymoji: I miss Vanessa, kind of sad, light as a feather, perfection, minimalism, travel, stifled but free in my thoughts, anxious in the morning

June =====
251733: counterthought: I am scared that nothing will really work out anymore // everything you already got used to worked out great (health, profession, …), so the future will likely hold more of that
251710: dailymoji: tired, groggy, in pain, horny, pre-in-love, excited about dating, loving, like I want to hug people, summertime vibes
230123: attention: what Vanessa is doing, if she’s verarsching me, panic about work
230116: dailymoji: angry, disappointed, heartbroken, hopeful, energized, motivated, fit, in shape, motivated to work out like john wick, wick is pain, calm like a sapling
211415: took 30mcg LSD … looking like a newborn baby in my face today. But also been soaking sun a lot and had a early workout after falling asleep to the John Wick documentary
121100: took some slightly large amount (for me) of shroom caps yesterday. It was not a great rush but I had the most beautiful Natalie Portman meet-cute in-love dream which I hope I will not forget any time soon.
100042: poem:
	hello and welcome to hell
	the mushrooms got me going so well
	i can’t even begin to understand
	which makes it easy, not like a handstand
	it heals just like any other medicine would
	no need to understand, just feel the hollywood
092307: dailymoji: motivated, fresh, big (as in big dick, swollen), horny, driven, thirsty, desireful, burning up, calm
071535: after taking a slightly larger shroom stem yesterday in one piece at once, needless to say I fell asleep within an hour or two, today my eyes have a magical quality to it, the bags of sadness around the eyes just gone, like ironed out or simply emptied.

May ========
311637: just realizing I haven’t watched Angry Videogame Nerd since I met Vanessa (10 months). Now watching the 10 month ago episode
311409: don’t feel like following my first principles or the program, but instead just freestyling it (like most people do and like I did for most of my life). Took some small amount of magic mushrooms the last two days. I’m choosing to look at is as the “graduation” from my old program.
301353: poem:
	sitting here not feeling a thing
	It’s what I want but really I want you
	craving for artistic bling bling
	thinking bout you makes me feel blue
301349: tense but on purpose, avoiding emotion to make space for happiness, excited for the day, great weather, 22 going on 24
251522: still stifled but joyous watching TV in bed with coffee and Süßigkeiten. More lovably calm after TV evening w Kevin
241820: blocked, paralysiert, calm, ruhig, sensitive, pain-sensitive like a lot of tiny things can cause a large effect, maybe alert, uneasy, …
231324: brain stretch from not smoking whenever, slight but enjoyable tension thus, calm, curious
230106: bright, clear, focused, inspiring colors, light, lovable, …


22nd: had 20mg LSD in the afternoon. quite colorful and productive with a calm and clear … calm afterwards.

18th 19:48: eyes looking healing, calm. Polishing the copper pipe lamp. Watching long way home. Printing transparent filament vase mini mvp prototype first.

17th evening: watching Eurovision song contest w Kevin and Jakob and Dani. 


15th:
Sitting here being artsy
But also fartsy
Spread so thin
I need a win
And a big one at that

110421 watching the holdovers, feeling all christmassy and heartwarmed 

10th noon ish. Stated watching the social network and fell asleep to it fucking to fantasies and cuming asleep

08th I am listening to my heart most of the time, god is telling me to, and it’s good. I laugh while watching SNL, I like myself. I am not going out or talking to people a lot. I am hardly following up with people.



April =====
210049: irritated, sleepy, motivated, in the flow, curious, interested as hell, in sync with god
151218: neben der Spur ein bisschen, aktiv, begeistert, interessiert, fokussiert auf Lernen


March ====
201154: foggy, heartbroken, tired, clear, spacious, a teeny bit motivated
101457: still a bit blocked in the heart… but extremely calm, peaceful, grateful, happy, serene, … horny 8/10, pretty high up there
062225: still a teensy bit heartbroken but more like cuts… motivated, happy, seduced, interested, Aufbruchsstimmung





February ====
261131: sick… from being heartbroken? Also cigarettes. Excited but sick at the same time. Tired. Exhausted.
251340: heartbroken, stressed, icky, in love, angry, motivated by pain, …
241523: heartbroken, conscious, aware, motivated yet lost, tense
221507: heartbroken, inhibited, lightened, clear, sad, angry, accepting, loving
20250203 bad crash from fighting or not fighting w Vanessa after she dumped me in Stuttgart



20250113 playing Asgard’s Wrath 2 feels like the olden days, shitty graphics leaving a huge impression on you and taking you places and letting you fill in the blanks like books



========== pre 2025



2024 summer: … ich hatte die letzten Tage auch wirklich gut abgeliefert und wenn man dann ins daily geht und es keinen interessiert, was man alles gemacht hat, sondern nur wieso das Board nicht für einen lesbar ist, ist das schon sehr frustrierend

20240600 watched Poolman (movie)
202406172352 finished „Am I ok?“ With Dakota Johnson … and it just made me love LA again SO MUCH

20240619 ish going to Kraftwerk and meeting Vanessa
202406230226 finished „Crush“ (movie)
202409181625 trackAnything: high libido high girth today: slept little last tow nights. This morning 2h snooze phase, fuckcercise, been using recurrr intensely, weekend sex marathon behind me, weaker cigarettes, bit of green tea this morning, Vitamin D pills, …
202409242200 playing pool billiard with my brother listening to Daft Punk
202412 Salzburg + Budapest w Vanessa and Fam



20230716 1695: Kardashians, before that Punisher, in-seam work, gym Arnold beginner program inspo, fun, Arad open Air, sleep a lot and a bit late rn, fucking hot summer 30+ deg every day, feeling good, 
20230626 1692: weather great, not been to grandma anymore... lots of minish cap, lamy map / level design, orexin heavy management, gym almost daily, still feeling a bit useless .... in-seam work started slowly, still don't know if I can make party @Tobi 1st of July
20230613 1691: weather is nice, still no job. Gym is going ok, I am very fascinated with Schwarzenegger right now. Watched Light & Magic docu series, loved it. The days are good but feel meaningless. But maybe it's just one of those times that turns out important after the fact. Still talking to Watt people / Fernando ....eh.... inseam project begun, catenoid should be finished at some point
20230602 1689: finished Zelda main story :) some catenoid, summer is here, started living by the orexin-meter, 
20230513 1686: taught preply classes, setup new Zelda :)))
20230417 #sick #health headaches, sinuses. could be lack of protein "shock" going from 140 ish to almost 0. More likely though allergies cause haven't cleaned and then generally this place sucks with the woods and drafts
20230410 Going to sleep at sunrise. Gym was hard too hard. Need sleep. And maybe less sugar. Spent a ton of time on Bing image creator. Watched some supernatural, American dad, curb. I feel aimless again. But the time blocking wasn't helping that much either. Writing this app is actually a great break. Washer first interview w Teresa Lopez… I miss my brother. I need companionship 
20230328 1680: evolution workouts getting longer but still feel great / 
20230321 1679: looking at accelerators / Atlantis / that will never work book / bad batch / seperate from mom / top 5 / listen to heart / chocolate / evolution week 3-4
20230314 1678: evolution workout (+ product development) / interviewing / enmeshment / feeling much better in general / Stundenplan / 4000 weeks book
February 3rd, date w the Mexican girl in Milan
Jan 25, Strambusti

20230118 bad crash and I was also sick


2019 I was working at mc-quadrat mcq:dev … what a good time we had, playing BeatSaber, cracking jokes… and what a friend to make, Stefano Trambusti. I also went to LA that year again, of course. I also applied to Antler near the end of the year and spent Christmas(?) I think… in the US? Or did I? Anyway I was there the two weeks before my birthday in 2020. I truly enjoyed the work at mcq and drank like 3-4 coffee each day.


2015 ish watching gossip girl in my dorm room


2014 ish late night black teas in my dorm room


2010 ish: I am trying out Capoeira through Uni sport at Beuth Hochschule at the time


20080601 ish: parties were heating up, some of us started to go to Kapuziner Stadtjugendring starting age 16. I think we went to Prague this year, drinking cheap bear and having our first tastes of freedom. I was pretty definitely working at Kraftwerk or Ferienzauber. I was also most certainly coding, doing some type of programming project. Perhaps Java? I had won JSP at the beginning of the year

2007 ish: That feeling of sun in the morning, getting up motivated, driving to school on my bicycle in just a t shirt, feeling the warm air on my skin. Nothing stopping me, everything is easy and fun is the only thing to chase #happy

2005 ish Mit Torsten in seinem Zimmer, wir gehen über den “Crimes” Code


2004 ish ? Playing Star Wars Rogue Leader with Torsten on GameCube and always working out when we just had the last nerve

2003 sharing a bed with my mom
2003 ish going into the basement storage compartment in Lembergstr., getting a pizza out of the freezer, all our stuff arranged into shelves around it


—- general childhood —
joking and vibing w the Torsten laughing our asses off

1998-ish: trading Diddl paper on the elementary school yard. gold and purple being super valuable until they were available everywhere.

1997 ish my mom crying, hugging me, I feel used but also useful. I feel a bit icky but also powerful that I could make her feel better.
1997 ish sitting in my mom’s lap at night watching the Christmas tree


1994-96 ish: My brother teaches me to read so that we can show off to his friends. Just think about how hilarious that is. Little 7 to 9 year old Oli walking to the Glascontainers with his lil sidekick 3 to 5 year old Patrick in order to impress his lil group of lil friends while reading from the Gummibären book.
1994 I hear loud muffled voices outside. My brother standing next to me telling me to draw with the Carioca pens and just keep drawing.

1993 ish. I see a crib made out of bright wood. I see my mom reaching out to me.
1993 ish. I am in my parents’ bed between them, feeling very safe and cozy





